"Life is better with Rust's community automation" 

What have we automated?

Starting with the obvious, some of our practices "automate" sorting new
contributors so that more mentoring time can go to people who're motivated to
succeed. 

* Code of conduct present from the beginning drives away people who value
  their right to be jerks over others' right to have a welcoming environment

* Presence on diverse platforms -- Reddit, appreciation of blogs through HN,
  stackoverflow, forums, IRC -- funnels in the social media savvy. especially
  relevant is how widely core team members use Reddit, and are around to help
  answer questions

Not Rocket Science Rule

(doesn't this mean we have to say no to a lot of people and make them feel
bad?)

Being told no by a person hurts. Being told your code is wrong doesn't feel
good. Telling a passionate newbie that their code is bad is unpleasant, and
having to do it a lot can make you grumpy. We address this problem with
robots!

* Homu/Bors https://github.com/graydon/bors https://github.com/barosl/homu

TODO: How bors works

Welcoming newbies, and remembering to say hi on pull requests from new
contributors, is hard. Remembering who's brand new and who's gotten code in
before can get difficult as a project grows, but the way you treat someone on
their first contribution will be different from on their second because
there's stuff you should or shouldn't expect them to know. Mixing it up causes
confusion and condescention, respectively, neither of which is good. 

Enter Highfive! https://github.com/nrc/highfive

TODO: How highfive works

Getting existing open source contributors onto the issues that matter and can
be done by someone new to the project is tricky. We're lucky to have jdm,
who's built a bunch of neat tooling around this for Mozilla and pointed stuff
out in some slides... links in
http://edunham.net/2015/11/04/beyond_openhatch.html

Getting people to behave like humans on a mailing list is absurdly difficult.
(also maintianing a mailserver is deeply unfun especially without a dedicated
sysadmin). Addressed with Discourse (https://users.rust-lang.org/,
https://internals.rust-lang.org/) which allows nagging people to be nice on
their first 2 posts, and deletion of abusive content. Plus it's a big
reasonably-well-behaved archive, less work required to link into a
modern-looking post than a classic mailing list. 



